## Response
Q:  
Hypergraph partitioning is a crucial task, and I believe numerous excellent techniques have been proposed. However, only a few works on hypergraph partitioning are listed in Sections 1 and 4. Therefore, I suggest you continue researching related works on hypergraph partitioning (even performing experimental comparisons) to enhance the paper.

A:  
We are confident that this selection of baseline algorithms adequately covers this line of research.   
According to the latest survey (2023 ACM CSUR) on graph partitioning and hypergraph partitioning[1], hypergraph partitioning can be categorized into streaming algorithms, in-memory algorithms, k-level algorithms, and parallel algorithms for k-level.  In our study,  we have selected  SOTA algorithms from each category. For example, we selected MinMax(2015 NeurIPS) to represent flow algorithms, HYPE(2018 ICBD) for in-memory algorithms, KaHyPar (2023 JEA) for k-level algorithms, and BiPart(2021 PPOPP) for parallel algorithms.   
Actually, in addition to the partitioning algorithms mentioned above, there are various versions of hypergraph algorithms such as hMetis [2], PaToH [3], and different optimizations of MinMax. However, they are either surpassed by the algorithms mentioned above [4-5] or they involve incremental work based on the mentioned algorithms, trading off some resources/performance without bringing about a fundamental improvement[6] in the original algorithm (as in the case of optimized versions of MinMax).  

## Reference 
[1] More Recent Advances in (Hyper)Graph Partitioning, ACM CSUR  (https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3571808)  
[2] Karypis G. hMETIS 1.5: A hypergraph partitioning package[J]. http://www. cs. umn. edu/~ metis, 1998.  
[3] Çatalyürek Ü V, Aykanat C. PaToH (Partitioning Tool for Hypergraphs)[J]. 2011.  
[4] Schlag S, Heuer T, Gottesbüren L, et al. High-quality hypergraph partitioning[J]. ACM Journal of Experimental Algorithmics, 2023, 27: 1-39.  
[5] Maleki S, Agarwal U, Burtscher M, et al. Bipart: a parallel and deterministic hypergraph partitioner[C]//Proceedings of the 26th ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming. 2021: 161-174.  
[6] Taşyaran F, Demireller B, Kaya K, et al. Streaming hypergraph partitioning algorithms on limited memory environments[J]. arXiv preprint arXiv:2103.05394, 2021.  
## Revision
None
