## Response
Q:  
Section 3 is the algorithmic part of this paper, but it is overall too simplistic, lacking any algorithmic techniques or theoretical contributions. Specifically, all the algorithms are greedy, without any quality theoretical analysis. Therefore, I suggest that you conduct a thorough analysis of the problem and propose algorithms with more sophisticated techniques and theoretical guarantees.

A:  
Hypergraphs introduce complexities beyond those of traditional graphs, such as varying hyperedge sizes and higher-order relationships among vertices. Which means establishing precise bounds for tasks related to hypergraphs can be challenging, and even impossible. Numerous studies have demonstrated the existence of inapproximability in hypergraph scenarios, despite corresponding graph algorithms having well-defined bounds. For instance, S. Sachdeva proved the inapproximability of Scheduling Problems, while Andreas Galanis demonstrated the inapproximability of the hypergraph coloring problem. Notably, Pál András Papp showed the inapproximability of hypergraph partitioning at the 2023 SPAA conference.



## Reference 
[1] Sachdeva S, Saket R. Optimal inapproximability for scheduling problems via structural hardness for hypergraph vertex cover[C]//2013 IEEE Conference on Computational Complexity. IEEE, 2013: 219-229.  
[2] Galanis A, Guo H, Wang J. Inapproximability of counting hypergraph colourings[J]. ACM Transactions on Computation Theory, 2023, 14(3-4): 1-33.  
[3] Papp P A, Anegg G, Yzelman A J N. Partitioning hypergraphs is hard: Models, inapproximability, and applications[C]//Proceedings of the 35th ACM Symposium on Parallelism in Algorithms and Architectures. 2023: 415-425.  

## Revision
None  
