## Response
Q:   
Given that there are many more hyperedges compared to nodes in a hypergraph, I question whether dividing the nodes is meaningful in terms of efficiency and found it challenging to understand how this is applied to distributed code.  

A:   
We believe vertex partitioning (allocating vertices of a hypergraph to partitions) is better than edge partitioning (allocating hyperedges to partitions) on distributed systems.    
First, in literature, most of the hypergraph partitioning is vertex partitioning[2-5]. To our knowledge, only Yang W[1] studied hyperedge partitioning, and no study has addressed its implications for distributed systems.
Second, while edge partitioning is favored in conventional graphs with distributed settings, owing to an edge connecting to exactly two vertices, which facilitates load balancing, this advantage diminishes in hypergraphs. In hypergraphs, the varied number of vertices that a hyperedge can connect to results in a highly skewed distribution (Figure 1), making the load balancing benefits seen in conventional edges vanish.


## Reference 
[1] Yang W, Wang G, Choo K K R, et al. HEPart: A balanced hypergraph partitioning algorithm for big data applications[J]. Future Generation Computer Systems, 2018, 83: 250-268.    
[2] Schlag S, Heuer T, Gottesbüren L, et al. High-quality hypergraph partitioning[J]. ACM Journal of Experimental Algorithmics, 2023, 27: 1-39.   
[3] Mayer C, Mayer R, Bhowmik S, et al. Hype: Massive hypergraph partitioning with neighborhood expansion[C]//2018 IEEE International Conference on Big Data (Big Data). IEEE, 2018: 458-467.
[4] Çatalyürek Ü V, Aykanat C. PaToH (Partitioning Tool for Hypergraphs)[J]. 2011.   
[5] Alistarh D, Iglesias J, Vojnovic M. Streaming min-max hypergraph partitioning[J]. Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, 2015, 28.   
