## Response
Q:  
Almost all the prior work in hypergraph partitioning literature (which are not cited sufficiently, please see [1] below and the references therein) focuses on scientific applications, as distributed computation is often a necessity in those applications where the data has to be kept distributed for the other purposes. The hypergraphs tested on those works are meshes, VLSI circuits, traffic networks, or other networks that are used in scientific applications. The datasets used in this paper are of different nature, mostly from social and information networks, and importantly they all follow power-law distributions, unlike the scientific datasets. Although the motivation for distributed computation on such hypergraphs is relatively weaker, the contribution of the paper is still interesting. However, to be more fair to the earlier literature, and be more direct, I suggest to change the title to emphasize the "social and information hypergraphs" (which have power law dists).

A:  
The power-law distribution is a common feature across various fields, including natural sciences [1-2], traffic networks [5-6], and scientific computing [4], particularly as data scales expand. Barabási and other colleagues have shown that the widespread phenomenon of preferential attachment accentuates this power-law distribution[7].
Given its prevalence, we believe it is both natural and reasonable to use the power-law distribution as an underlying assumption in the practical application of hypergraphs. Our research has broad applicability, extending beyond specific contexts like social networks. We also acknowledge the concerns raised by reviewers about the performance of our algorithm under conditions where the power-law assumption does not hold. Therefore, we are considering revising our title to "Scalable Information-guided Hypergraph Partitioning for Power-law Graphs."


## Reference 
[1] Hergarten S. Aspects of risk assessment in power-law distributed natural hazards[J]. Natural Hazards and Earth System Sciences, 2004, 4(2): 309-313.  
[2] Clauset A, Shalizi C R, Newman M E J. Power-law distributions in empirical data[J]. SIAM review, 2009, 51(4): 661-703.  
[3] Newman M E J. Power laws, Pareto distributions and Zipf's law[J]. Contemporary physics, 2005, 46(5): 323-351.  
[4] Szalay A. Extreme data-intensive scientific computing[J]. Computing in Science & Engineering, 2011, 13(6): 34-41.  
[5] Li X G, Gao Z Y, Li K P, et al. Relationship between microscopic dynamics in traffic flow and complexity in networks[J]. Physical Review E, 2007, 76(1): 016110.  
[6] Tsoukatos K P, Makowski A M. Power-law vs exponential queueing in a network traffic model[J]. Performance Evaluation, 2008, 65(1): 32-50.  
[7] Model A. Barabási–Albert model[J].  

## Revision
None
